{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The program does minimaxing and alphabeta pruning for a tree having a depth of 2 and having a branch of 3. The 9 leaf nodes are connected to three nodes, middle layer(depth=1). These three nodes are, then, connected to the root node. \
\
For 2 cases, minimaxing is done. \
a. The leaf nodes are [5,3,1,2,5,4,1,3,3]. \
b. The leaf nodes are inputted by the user.\
\
For 4 cases, alphabeta pruning is done. \
a. The leaf nodes are [5,3,1,2,5,4,1,3,3].\
b. The leaf nodes are [5,2,2,5,1,3,2,4,2].\
c.The leaf nodes are  [1,3,4,1,4,1,3,5,3].\
d. The leaf nodes are inputted by the user.\
\
Detailed Explanation:\
\
For this assignment, Python 3.8 is used.\
\
When you run the program, you will be asked to enter an integer between 1 and 6.\
	For the first problem in Minimaxing please enter 1\
	For the custom problem in Minimaxing please enter 2\
	For the first problem in AlphaBeta please enter 3\
	For the second problem in AlphaBeta please enter 4\
	For the third problem in AlphaBeta please enter 5\
	For the custom problem in AlphaBeta please enter 6\
\
For the tracing mode, please set the variable single_step True at line 9.\
\
In our program nodes are created as objects taking number attributes. \
\
generate_leafs function takes a string and returns a list that contains the objects(nodes) according to the given input. In this function, the characters separated by blank space in taken string are splitter and stored in listed_values. In the for loop, objects list is created according to listed_values.\
\
straight_minimaxing function takes an object list having a length of 9 and mode_selection.It returns the value carried out to the root node. For each 3 elements, they are stored in tripled_list. When length of tripled_list reaches 3, it is emptied. Minimum of 3 elements are found with this way. After that, the maximum value in min_list is carried out the root node.\
\
Alphabeta function takes an object list having a length of 9 and mode_selection. It returns a string that contains the information of direction, goal node and pruned elements. First three elements are checked. After that, the second tripled elements are checked. If there is a value less than minimum of the first three elements, the rest is pruned. Same logic is used for the last three elements. \
}